Dude, I'm not even
It's not even that I love pocket
You know, you know you play Java
Bed Wars, gotta play safe. You got it.
When you go to when you go to bridge, you gotta place it...
Tototo, yeah, miss the vibe. Dude we just toto
And, Do you think Java's better?
Good job. And I think Java is better.
I know
huhu no, hahahaha
No, I'm not vlogging. But we're just having a nice little discussion.
So, so, have a have a
Noah, can we talk about Bycraft?
See? How about you? How about you lead the discussion?
My first one.
What? Huh? It's the same game!
It's the same game.
***hahahahu Bedrock!
Her eyes completely dimmed.
You know it? What else?
No, you know when I I kept trying to create to make a God album
It is as be as bedrock. That's why it's worse.
No, that's one I
The height
haaa
You are height. You can play on Hypixel then.
Yeah, normal
Blood rounds.
So how's the weather there? How's the weather?
I mean, there's so many men, like, what's the use of one?
Thank you.
Can we talk about it? can talk about it? They have a ***
Keep it real, keep it real.
Okay, ***
Keep going.
No, just say the story, say, how are your sides, how are your sides
And then, wait, was it you turned around and then used your song?
Then you lie down.
oh my goodness
But it's like,
No. I'd be like, okay, I gotta log out. But I
Screen record and then I get a my second iPad
They're not playing. DododoDid I have a good video?
You know, that's like, I'm a oh my god, I'm a part of history right now.
you
haaa
huuuh, why is why
When we get scared, Look at me in my eyes and say, Christ, you don't understand the concept of faith.
You wanna say something?
Okay.  Wait, so.
Swear on your mom, you son
Swear on your mom. This is the first first
Yeah, the real hero, that
saw him for real
Because everyone says it's fake.
So you, so you're lying. So you're actually freaking lying.
What does that mean?
hehhe
Huh Just say, just say, it's true.
I saw he burn.
and...
Okay, so can you go on Reddit and say...
Hey guys, in 4th grade, I saw you were wearing a different color to go to school.
so
Nope
It's very good. You're verifiable, you're trustworthy.
You're welcome,  hehehehe
Dave. Oh Dave, what?
If no. I don't know any slurs for you guys.